Mention preview app (#3668)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: README.md

1. The [YAML metadata describing](Contribute/Adding-Metadata/index.md) `versionFrom` and `versionTo`.
2. The possibility [to add multiple files about the same topic](Contribute/File-Naming-Conventions/index.md).

# Previewing rendered output locally

There is an experimental project which supports rendering the documentation locally.

You can install the tool from [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Docs.Preview.App/) by issuing the following command.

```bash
$ dotnet tool install --global Umbraco.Docs.Preview.App
```

Or check out the source at: [https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs.Preview](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs.Preview).

> Once installed, navigate to your local clone of the UmbracoDocs repository and run the command `umbracodocs`. This will start a local webserver (the URL will be shown), which you can open in your browser and view the rendered documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, navigate to your local clone of the UmbracoDocs repository and run the command `umbracodocs`. This will start a local webserver that's listening on `http://localhost:5000` and `https://localhost:5001` by default (the actual URLs will be shown), which you can open in your browser to view the rendered documentation.
```

Look at the [Contributor Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how you can get involved and help with the Umbraco Documentation.
## License [![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE.md)
This library is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

# Previewing rendered output locally

There is an experimental project which supports rendering the documentation locally.

> You can install this from [nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Docs.Preview.App/) as a dotnet global tool by running the following in a terminal.

Author: NuGet etc looks good, not liking running a command line.
Run this command in a terminal / terminal emulator

```bash
$ dotnet tool install -g Umbraco.Docs.Preview.App
```

> Or check out the source at https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs.Preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or check out the source: https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs.Preview.
```

> Once installed, navigate to your local clone of the UmbracoDocs repository in a terminal and run the command `umbracodocs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, navigate to your local clone of the UmbracoDocs repository and run the command `umbracodocs`. This will start a local webserver (the URL will be shown), which you can open in your browser and view the rendered documentation.
```
